---
layout: page
title: "Grading"
---

- 5% Vitamins
- 5% Attendance
- 10% Labs
- 20% Homeworks
- 15% Projects
- 15% Midterm
- 30% Final

There will be 3 projects and about 7 homework assignments. Assignments must be
completed individually and will mix programming and short answer questions. Lab
assignments will be graded on completion and correctness, but all test cases
will be public. Your two lowest labs scores and two lowest homework scores will
be dropped.

Vitamins are due every Tuesday and Thursday, and your two lowest Vitamin scores
will be dropped. Each Vitamin will be scored out of 3 points, and full credit
will be given to any on-time submission that answers at least 3 questions
correctly. Most Vitamins have 5 questions. Answering only 1 or 2 questions
correctly will earn 1 or 2 points, respectively. Late submissions will not
receive credit.

Lecture attendance counts for 5% of the overall grade and will be recorded
using a Google Form that will be open during a random point during lecture. To
receive credit for attendance, you must attend at least 3 lectures a week for 6
weeks. You may choose not to attend lecture, in which case the midterm and
final will count for 2.5% more of the overall grade (17.5% and 32.5%).

There will be one midterm in class tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, July
18th. The final exam is tentatively scheduled to take place over two class
sessions on August 14th and 15th. If you miss a midterm for a pre-approved
reason, such as a class conflict or illness, the final exam will be used to
compute your overall exam score (out of 45%). No alternate midterm or final
times will be given.

### On Time Policy (try not to be late)

No late homeworks, labs, or vitamins will be accepted unless an extension is
granted by a staff member. Late projects will be marked off 20% per day late,
rounded up to the nearest integer number of days. No project will be accepted
more than 3 days late.

### Collaboration Policy (don't cheat)

Data science is a collaborative activity. While you may talk with others about
the homework, we ask that you write your solutions individually. If you do
discuss the assignments with others please include their names at the top of
your notebook. Keep in mind that content from the homework and vitamins will
likely be covered on both the midterm and final. We will be following the [EECS
departmental policy on Academic
Honesty](https://eecs.berkeley.edu/resources/students/academic-dishonesty), so
be sure you are familiar with it.

### We Want You to Succeed

If you are feeling overwhelmed, visit our office hours and talk with us.
We know college can be stressful and we want to help you succeed!
